Menu: add a Getting Started tutorial (#3877)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Menu/00 Getting Started with Menu/10 Create Submenus.md

> To create a submenu, use nested [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMenu/Configuration/items/#items). In jQuery, it's an array inside the base item object. In Angular, Vue and React, it's another item inside the base item markup.

Reviewer: We do not use elisions in documentation.

```suggestion
To create a submenu, use nested [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMenu/Configuration/items/#items). In jQuery, an array within the base item object corresponds to a submenu. In Angular, Vue and React, a submenu is defined as another item in the base item's markup.
```
